Check DDR status in order to run (#289)
DataDog/datadog-sync-cli: README.md

For example, `ResourceA` and `ResourceB` are imported and synced, followed by deleting `ResourceA` from the source organization. Running the `import` command will update the source organizations state file to only include `ResourceB`. The following `sync --cleanup=Force` command will now delete `ResourceA` from the destination organization.

#### Verify DDR status flag

> By default all commands now check the Datadog Disaster Recovery (DDR) status of both the source and destination organizations before running. This behavior is controlled by the boolean flag `--verify-ddr-status` or the enviornment variable `DD_VERIFY_DDR_STATUS`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default all commands check the Datadog Disaster Recovery (DDR) status of both the source and destination organizations before running. This behavior is controlled by the boolean flag `--verify-ddr-status` or the environment variable `DD_VERIFY_DDR_STATUS`. 
```
